Add webhook settings endpoint docs (#176)
thinkst/canarytools-docs: docs/console-settings/notification-channels.md

        type: boolean
        description: If set to true, clears the list of cellphone numbers
    response: A JSON structure with result indicator and the current list of cellphone numbers.
  syslog_configure:
    name: Configure Syslog audit trail notifications
    url: /api/v1/settings/notifications/audit/syslog
    method: POST

>     description: Enable or disable Syslog audit trail notifications

Reviewer: For consistency, this `description` should end with a full stop.

Author: Fixed, thank you!

  generic_configure:
    name: Configure an Existing Generic Webhook
    url: /api/v1/settings/webhook/configure
    method: POST
    description: Configure an existing generic webhook's settings by providing a setting and a value.
    params:
      - name: auth_token
        required: true
        type: string
        description: A valid auth token
      - name: url
        required: true
        type: string
        description: The URL of the webhook that we'll send test data to
      - name: setting
        required: true
        type: string
        description: The setting to configure. Currently only `receive_audit_trail_records`.
      - name: value
        required: true
        type: boolean
        description: The value of the setting. `true` or `false`.
    response: A JSON structure with result indicator.
  splunk_add:
    name: Add a Splunk Webhook
    url: /api/v1/settings/splunk/add
    method: POST
    description: Add a new Splunk webhook.
    params:
      - name: auth_token
        required: true
        type: string
        description: A valid auth token
      - name: host
        required: true
        type: string

>         description: Hostname of the Splunk HEC.

Reviewer: This shouldn't have a full stop

      - name: port
        required: true
        type: int

>         description: Port of the Splunk HEC.

Reviewer: This shouldn't have a full stop

    response: A JSON structure with result indicator.
  splunk_remove:
    name: Remove a Splunk Webhook
    url: /api/v1/settings/splunk/remove
    method: POST
    description: Remove an existing Splunk webhook.
    params:
      - name: auth_token
        required: true
        type: string
        description: A valid auth token
    response: A JSON structure with result indicator.
  splunk_test:
    name: Test an Existing Splunk Webhook
    url: /api/v1/settings/splunk/test
    method: POST
    description: Test an existing Splunk webhook endpoint by sending it test data.
    params:
      - name: auth_token
        required: true
        type: string
        description: A valid auth token
    response: A JSON structure with result indicator.
  splunk_configure:
    name: Configure an Existing Splunk Webhook
    url: /api/v1/settings/splunk/configure
    method: POST
    description: Configure an existing Splunk webhook's settings by providing a setting and a value.
    params:
      - name: auth_token
        required: true
        type: string
        description: A valid auth token
      - name: setting
        required: true
        type: string

>         description: The setting to configure. Currently only `receive_audit_trail_records`.

Reviewer: Probably not a full stop at the end. Up to you.

      - name: value
        required: true
        type: boolean

>         description: The value of the setting. `true` or `false`.

Reviewer: This shouldn't have a full stop

Reviewer: Actually, maybe this should just be

`true` or `false`

## Syslog

> We don't currently have endpoints publicly available to enable and set up your Syslog setup. Instead, we deal with all the setup and simply require the Syslog details from you to get it done. We have a KB article that will [explain the setup process](https://help.canary.tools/hc/en-gb/articles/360002432118-How-can-I-get-alerts-via-Syslog).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We don't currently have endpoints publicly available to enable and set up your Syslog setup. Instead, we deal with all the setup and simply require the Syslog details from you to get it done. We have a KB article that [explains the setup process](https://help.canary.tools/hc/en-gb/articles/360002432118-How-can-I-get-alerts-via-Syslog).
```
